blog: Making it easier to contribute to Servo (#84)
servo/servo.org: _posts/2023-03-16-making-easier-to-contribute.md

* **Stable unexpected results that are known to be intermittent** are those that were unexpected, but ignored due to being [marked as intermittent](https://github.com/servo/servo/issues?q=label%3AI-intermittent)
* **Stable unexpected results** are those that caused the build to fail

## Intermittent dashboard

To ensure that flaky tests can be discovered and fixed even if they are mitigated by retries, we’ve created an [intermittent dashboard](https://build.servo.org/intermittent-tracker/) that all unexpected results get reported to.

Each result includes the test and subtest, the expected and actual outcomes, any test output, plus metadata like the commit and a link to the build. You can filter the data to a specific test or field value, and the dashboard automatically points out when all of the visible results have something in common, which can help us analyse the failures and identify patterns.

For example, here we can see that all of the unexpected failures for one of the HTML parsing tests have the same assertion failure on the same subtest, but are not limited to one pull request:

> ![screenshot of intermittent dashboard, filtered by test (/html/syntax/parsing/DOMContentLoaded-defer.html) and actual outcome (FAIL)]({{ site.url }}/img/blog/intermittent-dashboard.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![screenshot of intermittent dashboard, filtered by test (/html/syntax/parsing/DOMContentLoaded-defer.html) and actual outcome (FAIL)]({{ '/img/blog/intermittent-dashboard.png' | url }})
```

This should fix the image in the preview.

Author: done in b8922d0e96a97d56105b54b797cb086a884fed0a
